very good family how are we I
hope you had a
phenomenal weekend I hope you
enjoyed some really nice plans
all weekend you know
this is the weekly bombshell the
weekly bombshell is this section that I do
every weekend every
week to go over the gossip we've
had during the week why Because
now there's new gossip now there's
new news during this week and
this is a bit of an exam okay
because here we take gossip very seriously well eh
spectacular weekend weekend
quiet weekend good weekend today is a
rainy day here in Seville tell me
what the weather is like in your
cities eh I really love this
weather okay I'm the strangest one who goes
here I probably like the cold season more
because I like to dress in
winter clothes more than in summer clothes on the one
hand and then the days So it rains
that you can't leave the house no eh you
're like quiet in the house with the
sound of the rain in the background no you
fall asleep and so on I like it a lot  I
love it, I'm very homely, I don't know
if you feel the same way, okay, I'm
really sorry for whoever does it, for those who like
good weather and are
outside and have a beer and the countryside and all
these things, but I'm just that weird, okay, what I
said, okay, family, uh, this week,
well, this week I think has been
quite marked by a misfortune and it
was the loss of Álvaro Prieto, from
here we send our condolences, no, and we are
very sorry to all of Álvaro's family and
friends with this terrible and
unexpected loss of a person who has
left us, not at an age when
nobody should leave, which is 18 years old, okay, in the
end, well, in the way, the
stupidest death possible, the truth is, an
unnecessary accident, an accident that shouldn't have
happened, there was a lot of
speculation and there were a lot of stories
around this story, it has become
very mediatic, no, and it has been a case, well,
that has affected a lot of people,
obviously, no, during all the
weeks the case has been talked about, I
think that even today there has
been some headlines, go over it
and  if I see something important I will comment on it in
the following videos regarding
the subject of the heart because it has been a
little bit Well a little bit of everything there hasn't
been much movement the subject of mam
monillo that if Olga that if Agustín
that if so that if no eh then the loss
of that lawsuit by Rocío
Carrasco with Kiko Matamoros has also
given a lot to talk about but as I tell you I
mean if we have to highlight something of the
week I think that what is most
notable is not the news that the
news and the headlines that have sounded the most have
been about the death of
Álvaro Prieto a tragedy but one
that we have also talked about no So
nothing we will review all the gossip we
will review all the news You already know
that in this channel you will find out about
everything all the news on television
all the news from La Crónica social
of everything of everything that happens on
television also okay all the
news on television here in this your
channel okay I am going to give way to the news
stay very attentive I want you very active
in the chat okay commenting all the
information commenting on all the gossip I'll
be there too I'll stop by I'll
be saying hello I don't know if we'll do it
live when this is over It depends on how
I see the atmosphere inside
[Music]
video It seems that Marta Riesco, who
in the last meetings we had
with her was telling us that she didn't
have any problems in fact she
really wanted to meet
new guys, has introduced us on her
Instagram account to the one who would be her last date
with the one she's meeting tonight once
we saw him we recognized him and it's
Alejandro from
Temptation Island if you haven't been following
Temptation Island And these reality shows may
not sound familiar but he was a
rather controversial participant in his relationship with Mik
And Mika didn't hold back and cheated on him on
Temptation Island pay attention because Marta
Riesco has already had a new date with
her partner this this boy the handsome guy
from Temptation Island let's
see because they went to a rather
exclusive Sushi place and here we have them
eh Chatting exchanging moments there
for me I  I'm happy first
because Marta needs someone she's
constantly making references
to not being able to be alone and then to
leave our friend
Antonio Flores alone no Here we see that they are
eating the little fish I'm not a big fan of
sushi eh I've tried it in Argentina I
've tried it here in Spain with a little
more Esperanza no let's see if it was a little
richer it's exactly the same
Exactly the same so I'm not a big
fan and Marta between boxing and showing off
her new boyfriend is quite happy
I would love to have a recorder
at that table where they're eating sushi and
know the conversations
these two might have had and the anecdotes they
might have told each other I'm also dying of
curiosity to know if they've gotten along well they've
connected and if in the end it
turned out that there was chemistry between them or not
Even the handsome guy has
reciprocated he has reciprocated because he
also uploaded a story Look
here you can see Marta and Marta without
filters eh And from this this boy
has a different device than
Marta has a different cell phone So we
see her a little more natural not because we
always see her with  so many filters on
this girl that it's hard to recognize her
later when you see her in other types of
images So he's quite happy and
as we can see he's only uploaded the scene he
had with Marta R with change Marta
is already story what story story not
here with the boxing with the dessert eh
Marta made a badge of how the date went that
I saw of course before bringing it to
you if he doesn't tell anything new but that
the date was good remembers some
things from the past not that Antonio is always
around there orbiting and present so
Marta Rest assured that
apparently you won't
need him again for the moment don't worry
because I'm completely sure that
whatever the fate of
these two Marta will be informing us in
their well-known chapam maras Antonio David
Flores has not held back and has
been tough and forceful when it comes to
sending a little message to Jorge Javier
Vázquez the Tele5 presenter who
was once a star and now has
crashed Antonio David In this message he
asked Jorge Javier to
thank Rosito for the
work situation they have today  I
announced here in a previous live I think it was
two live shows ago that we gave it,
in my opinion, four weeks of
life for the program, it lasted three, I was
wrong in one week, Jorja said in her
last statements she asked the
Tide to please leave him alone,
the blue tide, Jorge Ja, that one you call a
little puddle, it got the better of you on Sálvame, it
ended Sálvame, it has ended the
programming of Tele5 for 2 and a
half years, thanks to your friend Rito, you have to thank her
on my behalf, you
call her now at night and say
thank you because they have taken away
Chinese stories, Sálvame, and we'll see what's
going on with my head inside
Mediaset. Thanks to you, Roito, here,
Fortunato, it has nothing to do with good
news for the followers of Antonio
David and for the blue tide, and the fact is that the
media today have
cut us a hair in making the
headlines that Antonio David has given. In
this live show, I will be putting on
screen some of the
main ones in case you want to stop the
video and read it at some point, by
the way, mother  oh my how is things going on with
tele5 lately they're
advertising everywhere a few
days ago we were talking about how there were people who
had heard tele5
adverts on the radio and today I was
walking in the car well walking
coming back from a walk I came across
a bus where telec
is advertising dude I mean this well let's
see there's nothing wrong with it it's even
logical normal not that you spend money on
advertising but it's true that it
catches my attention because it's something I haven't
seen for many years no and
much less on a bus that they are
paying for advertising to the tzan to
advertise what do you think this
thing is wonderful Don't look look at
tele5 and big brother in the tuzan the
big brother house has exploded with the
departure of Oriana marzoli the sú
communicated to the rest of the participants
that Oriana had finished leaving
the house and the reality show What do you want me to
say that I'm pissed off I'm not going to play
or rather I'm leaving period period I don't
give a [ __ ] the participants have
not been given the reason why  that the
girl would have left the reality show but they are
clinging to an explosion that occurred in
the confessional and claim that they will give more
explanations this weekend in the
debate but that Oriana has practically
exploded and has had ugly
behavior because she wanted to see her
boyfriend you are going to find out when I
swear to God I have to say something to her
because I swear I'm going to start
insulting like crazy I swear to
God I swear to another one to me Don't look
Open me I beg you please Open me
Open this [ __ ] I want to leave
please quickly Oriana as soon as she
left the house posted a
statement on her social networks in which she
flatly denies that she has
left the reality show she claims that she has been
expelled that she has left against
her will and that she is going to take
legal action there are rumors that telec
has imposed a fine of 50,000 and
a ban forever from the network Although it
seems to me that this
controversy the truth is that on Twitter it
is trending and I a video that I uploaded
this afternoon talking  I
recommend that you watch the subject in case you want to
see everything, it's not working badly, it gives me
m that they are going to exploit the subject eh And that they are
going to extend it well there are people who have
found Oriana at the airport
immediately taking a plane to go
see her boyfriend Just as she left
Guadalix without even taking off the
pendant from the microphone of the
house
I don't know what it is on tiktok on Twitter and on
YouTube there is a lot of speculation about
what really happened to
Oriana And if they have expelled her or
she has left but the reality will only be known
this weekend in the
Big Brother debate and I tell you I
think that from what I'm seeing it is
generating a lot of interest they are going to raise
the audience a little bit with this and if it
is like that and I am right and they raise the audience
Oriana is not leaving Tele5 okay
something just came to my head and if Oriana was
pressuring the
organization be careful this is a
very daring theory in the confessional so
that they would take measures against Alex
Canilla and when they saw that they didn't when they saw that  the
organization wouldn't budge on that contest
she's talking about contract issues
because by contract they are
prohibited from insulting and she's talking about
Ender legal measures as if
implying that she's left because she's
putting up with insults on the show
and they are prohibited from insulting each other and she's
fed up with putting up with it and it's been like a
test of the organization and then the
show told her Well if you
want to leave go surely you'll remember
Nano the boy who went viral with
those videos advising the
kids to
work their asses off to get what they
need this boy works 12 hours a
day so that his family can survive
a businessman from Malaga called
Toñi Moreno's show on Canal Sur
promising to give her a car and so it
was he kept his word and we
saw it live on
Toñi's show it looks like the car let's go
Nano you have no color whatever I am
whatever this is a dream for
me you have two jobs you walk No
I had my car but it broke down and I
couldn't prioritize fixing the car before
other things so I've been walking without
complaining and fighting let's throw it away we're not
going  to open it
no Get in Get in Get in
I'm hallucinating I can't
believe it I'm crazy it's a dream I do
n't even know what to do I want to thank you for everything you've given we are delighted to have you But you have given more to society with your message don't leave social networks the first data of the program of the square the program of Jordi González presented on Spanish
television that promised to
have only female panelists has
taken a hit the next thing is going
worse than tall tales the day of the
premiere with Terelu's interview it had
a 7.8 but it's that the second day
with Ana Bernal triviño Who
came up with this idea Please what's going on on
Spanish television Why do they want to
ruin the Public money of the
Spanish a 7.6 come on How much do
we speculate and how much do we put into this
program on air Carlota corredera very
harsh and very critical of tele5 after
leaving her friend Jorge Javier Vázquez on the street
Carlota corredera
considers that it has been very little time
that they have let the program run and
that in three weeks it is not possible to know
if the program is going to take off or
not but anyway she throws a
little dig stating that she is not
in the offices in the
offices we already know who she is referring to
But you know what happens at this
point we are already used to it or we have to
be prepared not in
the least for things
like this to happen no and and the magic formula of
television well does not exist sometimes
what you do works other times it doesn't And
in this case uh Well the data has not
been what was expected for the network I
think that three weeks is also not a long
time for I think eh But anyway the thing
is that I am not in the offices
no and she sends a lot of support and love to her
friend Jorge Javier who states that
Although he seems very tough in front of the
camera he has a very fragile side and that at
this point he is quite delicate The
only thing I can say is that I wish
the best to all my colleagues and that and
that I hope we all meet again
very soon because television is certainly
like the Ferris wheel no I mean the slogan of La
Noria is because the  habda goes around in
circles it's true there wasn't a lot of
around this time it didn't go
well so surely the next one Jorge
strong Yes let's see Jorge strong but Jorge
is also very fragile not all the
people who work facing the
media facing others facing the
public we are very fragile people no and very
vulnerable because not everyone is
so exposed to knowing what people think of you
no eh or to being observed When you enter
a place to have everything you
do or say examined and scrutinized no it's not very that's
not easy it has other pros but eh
Jorge is also a vulnerable
and fragile person like everyone else and like everyone else we
also have that plus of
appearing on television no I I hope that
well that right now Well he makes a
clean slate and that surely
enormous projects await him, I mean Jorge is 53
years old No I think that as we are going and besides
I think that he is a person who is
happy working No and and of course I hope I hope to see him
very soon
Joan San reveals to Europa Press what
many suspected about his
current relationship with  Dani Alves But is it true that you
want to leave Madrid that you want to
go to Barcelona to the house I already left
the family home in Barcelona a while ago right now
you are going to see Dani soon are
to see how he is doing eh or so
say that you have not seen me because there has
not been anyone around there It is possible that you will
come back how is the
divorce going to be paralyzed that thing has nothing to do with the
other Those are my things for Of course yes yes yes You
continue seeing Dani true and
communication between you yes yes that he
sends letters no So is your
relationship currently is quite normal you
continue supporting him in everything yes
Well you know that the judge ratified the
sentence Dani because apparently he was
changing his version many times you
trust Dani you trust in justice
But the only thing you can tell us Hello also
the divorce papers So how is
everything going to turn out Joana that you have stopped
the divorce Hey what do you think about everything
that is happening with Sakir and Pique everything
points to make this girl continue
supporting her partner Tamara Gorro and
Ezequiel Garay has lived an
experience in his house in Valencia that
makes their hair stand on end just
telling it apparently they suffered a
robbery while they were
in the house you were at home when they
entered when they entered yes yes yes yes yes there
was no robbery because it was ipso facto
and I will emphasize that I don't know if you remember
in Valencia a wave of robberies to several
companions And well, both Ezequiel
and I panicked in the
body so we made the decision
apart from having the alarm system we
hired a security guard to be
at the house a company that
provides security it was more
reassuring especially with the two
small children that day I was with
Saila with my daughter upstairs and Ezequiel
was downstairs with the little one and the
security guard came out and came but
my panic and Ezequiel's was that as
soon as someone left the house
the alarm would go off and Tamara heard
the footsteps of the thief who she believed
would be her husband but when she called
her husband on the phone her husband
confirmed that it was not  he And so it was
the alarm went off Well I remember I
called security I said are you home
No I've already left ys ofato I called
Ezequiel from upstairs Are you
upstairs because I heard the
footsteps and I deduced it was Ezequiel he said
no no I'm downstairs running I'm not going to tell you the
swear I said go away Throwing milk in
the room because they came in Look
I'm freaking out ever since then Tamara is
very scared she remembers it with great
fear and has hired stronger security
for her house not only with a
camera but even with a
security guard Terel Campos forced to give her opinion
on the exclusive that
bigote a roset broke this Wednesday in the
magazine 10 minutes in which he claims that he
was about to marry María
Teresa Campo to get her
a pension Terelu claims that right now she does
n't feel like having to
answer to these things and that
in fact it bothers her that in the moments
that the family is in right now
having to put up with this
downpour I don't know I've seen them
happy I saw that he loved me what he
says about me I don't care about well well
Well I'm glad it doesn't matter to you because if
not I don't
care about you the only thing that bothers me is that it's
been so little time since
my mother passed away and the only thing that
bothers me at this very complicated time
for us is having to be talking
about things that are not the case and the thing is that it
really must be quite
uncomfortable that your mother has died
and that in less than a month this man is
giving an exclusive for which by the
way he hasn't been paid apparently mustache
rosette is embargoed by the Treasury and
all the money from the exclusive has gone
directly to this embargo we don't
know specifically what the
amount that has been embargoed was we don't know
how much this exclusive cost but the
total that the Treasury owes is 100000 so
whatever he has collected for this
exclusive has been subtracted from those 100000
on the other hand there is what
Alejandra Rubio said on her Tele5 program
so in life that she did want to get
a little more involved and it is  that she felt that she
had fallen a little short the day
before defending her grandmother Roset
from the decline of María Teresa Campos well
cl that I do not do not want to get involved nor do I
want to say anything like that because if
her daughter says so I have nothing to say
the only thing I did want to say is that I have been
thinking a lot yesterday afternoon and
everything that happened I think I have not
defended everything that my grandmother wanted
the truth why do you think that you have not
defended everything you wanted because I do not
know either really it burns her
very much that this man mustache has
waited so little to come out and give an
exclusive he has to say what he has to
say the truth is that he could have
waited a little and that in the end he
starts talking about his grandmother who is a
person who in the end cannot
defend herself It is true that the position that there is
in the family that I understand
perfectly is not to get involved In order not to
give anything to this person and to continue
talking but it is that he says so many
barbarities no matter what he says at the
moment mustache Like for example that
María Teresa had told him to get married
worried about the economic situation of
this man so that she would have an allowance well it
is  something that Maria Teresa
unfortunately cannot defend is not going to be
able to come out and tell her version to
confirm or deny it and I think
there is one thing in particular that is key
because when he says that my grandmother
tells him Hey let's get married so that
you have a pension I think how
bad my grandmother would see it financially
for him to say I want you to have a
pension and the only thing he does in this
interview is talk about money and in the
end he makes excuses for something that he has not been
held responsible for by his family Or
rather it is something that has been spoken about
publicly that collaborators have said
but the family has not been
held responsible for it either I think eh At least I
Alejandra Affirms And remember that this
man not only took advantage a little
and has lived in
wonderful conditions While he has been with his
grandmother but he also left her suddenly it
makes me very sad to see my grandmother saying that
The truth because I know that I have a very
bad time and the reality is that it is not to
blame him for anything I am telling you
totally seriously but it is
true that he has lived in a palace
with a chauffeur with service  with
absolutely everything and then he left
my grandmother kicked out from one day to the next
and that's how it is and not happy with
that now that she's died he didn't
take long to talk about her publicly
in this magazine not only is he happy
with that he continues to defame her even though she's
passed away which is what I don't think is
right Oh but what he insists but he says is that it makes
her look bad like he wanted to get married
for the pension I don't know what he says things that he
knows he's not going to get a response to
because it's something that happens between the
two of them and that nobody else knows surely
many of you who are watching this
video will remember the legionnaire from
Big Brother who was a woman of arms
take a legionnaire woman who fought
for her country and a
video of her is going viral in which she rebukes the
king that he has to be more for the country
than for his wife than for Letizia and she
pulls his ears
even giving him a warning I don't know what
you think this message is for
Felipe VI He is abandoning us
you act like King you act like everything he is
married to a republican and it must be
that the balls of the Bourbons  with you they have
lost your majesty you owe it to
Spain not to Leticia not to the Republic
you are a monarchist and you are the one who should
defend us you are not
doing it therefore you are
making me doubt whether to
defend you or not I think you are
abandoning Spain to the
Spanish people too and there are many women
but there is only one Spain there are
many women but there is only one
Almudenas has spoken again about the
subject of Cristian Galves and how affected she
was after the trauma that happened with
the breakup with him and how he did
things Joaquín has been sounding her out on the
subject and asking her questions with his
little touch of Joaquín with a touch of grace and humor and Al Modena has seemed very affected again the difference between sacrifice and effort are not the same when you sacrifice yourself there is something of your essence that is going away in the
effort no you are striving for
something But you are aware no Then I
understood that
and it has sort of healed I really Here I have
my doubts I think it is a
relationship that she can't get over even though she's
currently in a
relationship with another soccer player and
rebuilding her life has come to forgive
Cristian Gálvez Yes but because it has nothing to
do with him it has to do with
forgiving myself of accepting myself I have
nothing to do with the other person I don't
see him forgiving myself and I
'm not defending Cristian Gálvez
because I don't like him I won't be the one to
defend him and I know that he has done things
wrong but I don't know if it helps much the
fact that this woman who we were already
talking about her a month or two months ago
and three months ago because she already made a walk in
a series of interviews in which she
was also talking about the subject I think
that many of the disagreements that there were
in that couple was the subject of having a
family not having children that Almudena because of
her profession well couldn't find the
time and Cristian Gálvez was more of
a hurry and well it's also a subject that she
mentions in the interview not that
Almudena lets slip like that she was
about to become a mother but that Hey
thank goodness that no that she
got away from it no you  You know which book
changed my life a little bit The
family book is that I never filled out, thank goodness I got
away from what I was spared. Well,
personally, with these types of
expressions and all that, I don't think I've gotten
over that relationship, it's like in the end
a relationship is overcome, a relationship that
no longer belongs to your present,
today and even more so when you have a new partner that you're
supposed to be very much
in love with and excited about. It should be the
topic of your interviews. No, no, no now
you're happy now is the moment, it doesn't bother you, it's that I've
always had it.
But also because things happened,
something changed in me, so thank goodness, I mean, I think I think
the body is very
wise and then I knew no and now I do,
but now I do, I don't know, we'll see. It
's not like a few weeks ago I was
telling you that Irene Montero had
been sentenced to pay 18,000 to Rafael
Marcos, a man who was on this
channel and on my main channel that we
were interviewing for this cause
for calling him an abuser, for calling him an
abuser, typical of Irene Montero.  they
sentenced her to 18,000 that they almost had to
seize her money to make her pay
it turns out the Supreme Court
is demanding justice from her regarding some tweets that she
still hasn't deleted some tweets that she
should have deleted that were included in
this sentence and the girl has
n't deleted them so the
Supreme Court is demanding that she delete them as soon as
possible and imposes
5400 more in interest I have a question I
could ask is the Supreme Court
claiming 5400 from her for calling
an innocent man a rapist for calling someone a rapist I
wanted to know if she's going to
pay them simply But why Why are you
here But why are you
invited There's never a critic missing
Well this was the news once again
doing the job that the rest of the
media for whatever reason don't
dare to do and apparently well you
can't ask Irene Montero
about this for some reason
I don't know David pval opens up to Pablo
motos on channel and talks about
his father's Alzheimer's disease the other
day vival visited El Hormiguero And he had
some beautiful words of emotion for his
father who to this day
almost remembers nothing on October 17th on Movistar
Plus a documentary about your 20 year
career and there are some moments in the
documentary that I think are going to be very
emotional like when you talk to your with
your father with Pepe who has
Alzheimer's does your father recognize you or not Or not
always no not anymore but the thing is that he doesn't
recognize me or my sister or my
brother sometimes not even my mother
Notice that he always helps her by the
way I was lucky enough to be on that
program in the public you have videos on
this channel and I experienced this moment
Being there in person of course we
have gotten used to it but it was
hard the first time that he doesn't recognize you
not to say Hey who am I he says well you sound
familiar but no I can't place you well there it
breaks your heart it breaks your soul you begin
to notice that he doesn't know his or his
grandchildren It's really hard it's really hard
sometimes not even my mother It turns out that they
were promoting the documentary that will be
released soon  on Movistar Plus
about David Visval his life and a lot
of things that are going to be super
interesting and one of the parts that they
touch on is the subject of his father and
the state the
man is in but he does remember his
time as a boxer he remembers a lot and he
remembers perfectly that he's from
Almería he's very strong eh I tell him
I joke with him a lot we have
here the seven times
Spanish champion in different categories feather
fly bantam the Granada native José Bisbal and he
says no from Almería I gave it to you Like that it's very
strong the truth is that it's one
of the saddest illnesses that can
hit your family because you see
how that person forgets who they are who you are they
don't recognize anyone and the
truth is that it's quite hard within the
nostalgia or in the world where I live right now
but there are also
funny moments and in those in those moments in
some way I try to take shelter as I
am right now with him is that he is he is
tough But what is true is that
Pepe has also been a very
joker person throughout his life We try to
remember it like this a sense of humor
when something has no remedy is the
only lifeline there is
treating it with humor is an
excellent way of treating it with intelligence it's
tough it's tough Jorge Javier
Vázquez has spoken this Thursday in
his reading blog about the closing of
cuentos chinos I sincerely believed that we
could make a place for ourselves in a
very complicated time slot in which, moreover, telec had
not been involved in for many years
they told me that the fight was going to be hard but
I, a consummate simian, always answered
that it was less than we thought that
after so many years making
television we would be able to connect
with the public again it hurts me a lot to
disappoint others makes me feel very
vulnerable I was going to work with the idea
that from tonight onwards everything
would change it has been 15 years since I was
left without a program to present in
the three weeks that the program has lasted there has
not been a single day that I
received the ratings less calmly
because there has not been a single one in which we
had reason to cling to a
minimum dose of optimism these weeks I
have tried to live outside of what
was published about the program and about
me in Quien más  Think now is in the
team of tall tales but I am
convinced that they will find work
immediately yesterday Alba
Carrillo has presented her book that she
had been announcing for a long time and
much anticipation and finally ready for
life is out I can say that I have
known the worst and the best of
television and in part it is because I have
known
Sálvame as an Incarnation of the
human being Sálvame was capable of the best and
the worst there were terrible moments very
bad and extremely painful but there
were also moments of authentic
wonder Breezes Ingenuity madness and
transgression
in the old glorious now
sad network they have changed some bosses or
bosses who cannot stand me due to
personal issues with me and my mother and they
have let me know in the most
shameful way possible for them not for me
punishing me with my son's bread
calm down we are muleteers Although you
are now a muleteer with a title and on the
road we will meet the day of the
news of the apparent dismissal I went to
sleep exhausted from crying so much and
pondering the injustice  chain had
asked a production company to get rid
of me on their behalf less than
less than the chain wants new faces they
told me I can laugh The noble Italian
the Sevillian cockfighting company and all those are
new faces I know I didn't make my
son's godmother the owner of the production company But
that doesn't make me an old face
Well I want to send a huge kiss to
all of you who are writing to me eh
beautiful things and you're sending me photos with
your book I say yours because it's no longer
mine it belongs to you I'm going in the car
with my parents and my son to the
presentation of my first book and I say
first because I think I'm going to get
the desire to write and I'm super
excited I'm presenting my book at the
Villas Artes circle in Madrid which has
always been a dream place for me
and with the publishing house Penguin Random
House which is the most important
universal publishing house or rather eh in the world not eh
planetary speaking and the truth is that it
's a super exciting day I'm going to cry
the biggest tears I have prepared
a presentation from the heart and
with a person who has been very
important in these months  for me and
Alba is also my editor so I
can only thank you all then I'll
tell you everything that happens but thank you
all thank you to the booksellers to the
people who are going to sell my book to the
salespeople that I've taken
there to the people that I've printed it to the
people that I saw put on the shirt
that I have here my notes eh which
is what the book wraps to the
people who have worked Well that in
everything in editing eh everything each each
person who has worked on my book and
to all of you who are going to read it and to
those who own it millions of kisses
all my love and thank you very much We are now
ready for life I'll
wait for you by the way Rocío Carrasco
wanted to support her friend at the premiere
and presentation of this book in the
center of
[Music]
Madrid David valde pera mercilessly attacks
Antonio David flores in
an interview that he has given to malber a
youtuber who has a podcast on the
platform dimo David valde pera affirms that
Antonio David has never liked him that he never  I would have
hired him and the only reason they didn't
fire Antonio David despite knowing
everything that Rocío Carrasco was going to tell
and the entire story they were recording
was to, according to him, give it a meaning that
people wouldn't suddenly understand if they
fired him without any reason and that they
had to wait for Rocío to understand when she told it
and justify the
dismissal. As a viewer, I think they
made a serious mistake. The documentary about
Rocio Carrasco was necessary but it was
executed in the best way, it was executed in
the only way it could be executed. I do
n't think so. I think it was executed
first. I didn't make that documentary. I
didn't know what was happening in
it until two days before its
premiere because I knew that Rio was going
to record a documentary telling her
story, that story that everyone
had told for many years,
she had remained silent.
What I didn't know was to what extent
she opened up. What was happening to her had a
name, why. Because society has
evolved in recent years, what did
n't add up to me was, I don't know, the
documentary was already known.  what was the
testimony was known what the
content of that documentary was and yet
the abuser was kept under contract
live until the day of putting the
trailer in his face doesn't it seem a little
incoherent to you in the face of the network that
a person is being demonized but
then they keep them there until the
last moment to squeeze them and
take advantage of that of that I think
Antonio David uh they fired him once he had been
recorded for weeks a month
surely already Okay but but listen to me
one thing you will have to Show
why you made a decision to fire him
publicly man because Sorry he
had told his life publicly he had
always told his public version
and what I am not defending with eh
No but that r he had told it told
recorded when it is released I mean
things have steps and and it has a
certain logic you Imagine that
Antonio David says goodbye before Why the I mean
why he fires him without anyone why
What is the reason Ah because Rocío tells
well it is something that she has not cared to
say it like Sid openly because already  They
are condemned for that
unfair dismissal, right? I mean, basically what he
's telling you is that they did know
the whole story about Rocio Carrasco, but
that they kept him there anyway to
kick him out and humiliate him later,
labeling us. I remember it was like
4 minutes of silence, him with the
sea vein, challenging me, challenging you
because he knew that you were Deo's friend,
yes. I mean, I would never have hired
Antonio David, and I've said it many
times, I would not have hired him,
how did I see those 4 minutes of
staring at you in an incredibly bad mood
after seeing the trailer, a
sequence from a brilliant horror film,
were you scared, no? Fear, why,
man, fear, no. I mean, basically he
admits that he did know that Rocio
Carrasco was recording a documentary
telling his version, but that he didn't know
how far it was going to go, but that he knew it, no, that he was
n't doing it,
but that he knew it, but that they couldn't
fire Antonio David until it was
broadcast because otherwise people
wouldn't understand it, either. Comment a little bit
about the last conversation you had.
with Antonio David What happened After
finishing that program I was talking
to him and what was the conversation like eh He
was asking me how we were capable of
doing this to this guy and what I told him was that I hadn't
seen the documentary and what he was
trying to find out was how far Rio goes
because in it Rocio gave a hint
that she was going to tell her story but
nothing more was known I told him I don't know
because I've seen it or I haven't done it
but I'm telling you that you'll have to
face it you've been talking your whole
life Let's see you're going to be the only one who has the
right to speak because now if you're
scared it's her turn and I told him and do
n't go there because the first sentence was
pronounced after the 4 minutes of
silence of looking from one side to the
other was how much have they paid him for this
I told him no well surely less than
what you have charged I said no F
there I mean it doesn't make any sense for you to
say that and it was the last conversation I
had with him and well Well basically
I think you can notice it
in his face and in the expressions no How do you
you see a certain joy and a certain joy not
when he's telling you that was
Antonio David's last day on the set
the television factory and medias
sentenced again this time to
pay 15,000 plus costs for a lawsuit
for violation of honor filed by
the journalist caque minuesa we are at
the doors of mediaset which has been
sentenced with the television factory for
interference and legitimizing the right to
honor they lived up to their name everything is a
lie sentenced to pay 15,000 plus
costs not everything is worth it christ you have
lost the trial everything is a lie they will have to
publish the conviction
for illegitimate interference in their program let's
see personally I have to tell you
that I have been looking a little into the reason why
they sentenced the
television factory on this occasion yes it is true
that they lied about something and
belittled the work of this man
this journalist but I 15,000 well
In the context of what each
one does and so on it seems to me that it is an
outrage I am completely sure
that mediaset and the  TV factory, they're not
going to publish the ruling yet because they're
going to appeal. These people, you know, are about to
exhaust all avenues and they're
going to appeal and they're going to take it all the way to
the Supreme Court, so there's still this for at
least six years. No, I'm telling you
that from my point of view, without being a judge
or a lawyer or anything like that, I think
15,000 is a lot. We're talking about
no lack of respect,
gross insult, slander, I see it too much. But
anyway, I'd have to listen to the program
again to see what they
said. Let's ask when they were
convicted of unlawful interference with the
right to honor, no idea, you don't know when they
publish the rectification, then it's a
lie, they don't have to publish the
sentence for unlawful interference,
we've beaten them. Well, then, good.
Thank you, if you find out, let me know that
we won, not everything is worth it. Good
morning. I want to know when they're going to publish it, I
have no idea, if not, I'll send you cable, okay.
Ask Cristo, for my part, okay, I choose, I
'm a little. Okay, thanks, not worth it. Thank you,
the sentence that condemns you for
interference with the right.  to honor I am a
graphic artist dude you are a graphic artist graphic artist
well then why put the graphic that is
not that Mediaset wins or Christ condemned
okay but you have to publish it what they
tell us here from the people are
stopping cars is enchanting I
am not asking them is asking asking asking
asking no no no I
am not doing it you know no no you are
seeing what I do no If you think it is
criminal if you think it is
criminal to ask at the door of
Media Set stop you have to respect what
the judges have said and that's it
yes show up at the door of Media
Set and start stopping scriptwriters,
editors, graphic artists, the person who cleans the
garage, the person who changes light bulbs and
bothering everyone who goes to
work there, well I don't see it as very logical,
honestly if we are criticizing the
television factories for having a
way, I don't think that going to the door
of Media Set and bothering all the
workers are the best
ways not to combat the bad practices
of the television factory in the afternoon
yesterday son soles ega invited
Jacobo Ottos, the son of Jaime Ottos, to his program and now they are soles. He
was there
defending his mother from a lot of
things that were said between them through the
mouth of Pilar Vidal, who wrote an
article that the son of the bull considers
completely defamatory, so much so
that he warns that he is going to receive
a lawsuit despite the fact that he gives him the
possibility of taking a stand. He is
legally registered as deceased and
my mother is a legal widow. You know,
I'm talking about Pilar Vidal among
many others. Bad tongues would have criticized
Jacobo's mother for having been
requesting a widow's pension,
which according to her, I don't know where she got it from.
But according to her, the lady was
not entitled to it, to which Jacobo
responds with proof. You know what
article 18 of the
Spanish Constitution is, that everyone has the right to
honor, there are two things:
slander and libel. Slander
is when you accuse someone
unfairly or without having the reality that they have
committed a crime and libel
is when you  violate the dignity of
people you have committed both with that article
and I'm going to tell you step
by step and it comes with the family book
the program even to
annoy Pilar Vidal and tell her what the
hell is she talking about her mother you
talk about my mother as not being the legal widow
of my father here I have contributed in the
family book that on August 14th
92 my mother remarried in a civil ceremony for the
second time with my father
family is registered Not only does he
correct her and make her face blush in
the middle of the afternoon and I have also brought
Pío's age certificate that the Ministry gives you
but he also warns her that
in the next few days she will receive a
lawsuit that will make her take charge
and responsible for all the words and
insults that she has said about her mother you
have committed and you will have to attend to what
comes to you the lawsuit that comes to you
for the crimes the family book I am
asking This is the one that you have brought
correct if you want you can see it you
can put both the
age certificate and the second civil vote on the
14th  August 92 in the Escorial where
I go Of course therefore
everything you've said in that article is
false I'm laughing at Pilar
Vidal's face looking at the family book like oh
my God I've really put my foot in it
And the thing is, my daughter you talk because
you have a mouth This is the one who comes out to give you
information through the mouth of Fidel and Rocío
Carrasco And surely on many
occasions they will send the poor thing to get her
hands dirty and say nonsense that will
later make her look bad like what happened to her
yesterday afternoon in fact the following
news is also about Pilar Vidal
something that I found super ugly because
Carmen Lomana was being interviewed
on Espejo Público this morning with this news that she
suffered a robbery in her house and she
was talking to the media among
them Antena 3 commenting on the bad
experience she had had in the
last few days There's nobody there the
streets are empty and this one is on television
well we have a lot of time
basically the woman comes into the program and
is attending to the program where you
work to comment on the bad
experience she just had like they
have  it's happened to a
lot of famous people lately for example the other day we
were posting a video in which
Tamara Gorro and Ezequiel were also going through
a similar experience Carmen Lomana
was saying that she had seen
a very strange guy hanging around the days before
and Pilar Vidal turns out to be questioning
what Carmen Lomana is saying but
without any kind of indication and without any
kind of anything Carmen I'm glad you're
okay that nothing happened to you I see that
you say that you have a trauma
but I've seen you since yesterday since the
robbery entering all the
television channels so I understand that you have
n't been able to sleep last night entered not
entered Okay Carmen the late there were
all the channels they've called me I
mean it's not to say that there are
contractions it's not to say that nobody had
told her anything no no because she feels like it
Because yes because it's Carmen L Mana
probably because it doesn't fit with her rope
or whatever and she felt like
questioning her Of course because they
called me from the rock Carmen where are you
that the car is waiting for you and
then I was crying because already I mean  I
couldn't take it anymore it's just when
the police had arrived and I told Juan del
Val Juan it's that this happened to me and
then he said come in and tell it I
say No I'm not up for getting into anything
look at what Pilar vidal starts saying
and you guys are going on about Yes what does it
remind you of and What's coming to mind
from what Pilar is saying I
get the feeling that you're questioning a bit what she
's
saying Carmen you know what it's like
always who who she is she's delighted no
but Pilar Vidal says that
Carmen lomana's testimony seems strange to her and that she
doubts that Carmen lomana is having a
bad time because she doesn't stop going on
television saying it that she's very
happy and very happy to be on
television it always feels the same to you
Who are you referring to me yes Well I mean
like always no one has ever
broken into me no but what a
coincidence that now there's a wave of
robberies against famous people and you're the only famous person
in Madrid pointed out for the robbery what do you
want me to say sometimes it makes me
doubt  doubt I don't like what you
're
saying at all or am I just talking to you being with the
Minister of the Interior look with the one now he
called the Minister of the Interior he didn't
call me you don't have to have the
Pilar you have to have nerve my daughter you have to have nerve
eh okay okay They
stole something from you that I can't say
the police told me not to give
any information and what I'm
doing is not any kind of protagonism it's
a deference we appreciate you dear to
my colleagues I mean it seems to me
a complete lack of respect because on
top of that you come in doing
the program where you work a favor you put you without
any kind of indication to your face to
question what happened to the
woman who would have told us that we were going to
see the images that we are seeing
below And it is on the set of the now
defunct Sálvame where
Ana Rosa Quintana now has the afternoons in her new
program from where she insulted and
Jorge Javier made fun of not only the
entire right but
even mocking the physique of Federico Jiménez
los santos Ana Rosa has had him as a
guest and has  has been the most talked about thing of
the afternoon By the way, he doesn't marry
anyone, he fiercely defends his
ideals and he often does so with
jokes that are very humorous even
though the topics are sometimes not
funny at all Today Federico Jiménez is with us,
the
[Music]
saints Sit down please one of the
most talked about clips of the afternoon when
Ana Rosa has pointed out well she has pointed out or
rather she has taken a dig at the
son soles program because it doesn't have an
advertising block we have already
commented on this on other occasions that the
Ana Rosa program has a couple of
advertising blocks While the
son soles program doesn't have any
this How does it affect? ​​Well, it affects two
things it affects the program's income and it
affects the average share, the average
audience Ah, we have to take
a break, thank God we have
advertising that we don't It's true that
competition is worse because others don't have it
but those of us who have it are very
happy that our company
prospers and pays us all our salaries
Thank you very much for watching this, it's very
simple and I see a lot of people
talking nonsense That they don't understand or
that I don't know why they say it But  There are
many people who are saying, well,
how bad Ana Rosas and who are critical
that Son Soles and Antena 3, since they
have a larger audience, they can afford
not to have advertising and that's how we're going to
see please, let's see how if they
have a larger audience, they can afford
not to put advertising. You who believe
that the fact of having a larger audience already
generates profit for you. If you have a large
audience but you don't have advertising, the
total income is zero, the audiences are
what you sell to the advertisers and
therefore they put a price on the
advertising that will appear on the program.
If you have a very high audience or
a very high average but you don't have
ads, you don't have advertisers, you are
charging zero. Son Soles' program does not
have advertising, not because the
advertisers don't want to advertise there.
Son Soles' program does not have
advertising because Antena 3 is
doing is that they prefer the
newspaper headlines and the headlines of the
networks. Right now, saying that they are the
leaders who have a higher average to
charge and earn money for the program
that they are doing, this is mathematics. I
also don't have to explain the big thing
if a program that lasts an hour or two
hours has an advertising block.  a
medium what is the average goes down If you don't
put advertising the average goes up to me
sincerely it seems like a
tremendous nonsense because people
tell you that you are the leader no and that you put out
headlines that put out headlines in the
newspapers saying that you have won
when in addition they are winning by a couple of
points or rather they are not winning that
much in fact the difference is so
small that I think that if they throw
advertising at me and the average goes down they would already
beat Rosa having both ads
But well I don't know the truth each one
plays their cards and does what they
want they will have their reasons right now
Well they prioritize that people say that they are
suns win but as I tell you more or less
in the end the result is the same Only
one is earning more income than the
other the program that has also lasted a
little the same as the Chinese tale
maybe no less still because
this one has had eight programs eight
broadcasts of the program the
Jordi González program that premiered on
December 27th on Spanish television the
square is canceled it has been a
failure in audience it has also
harmed the afternoons on
Spanish television  and they haven't
even wanted to play a little bit more with
interviews with Terelu or with comments
about anything, absolutely not interested, the
program is very poor, the truth is,
ideological nonsense as always, not with this
nonsense that they were only going to
have female collaborators, Ana Bernal
Triviño, who we will talk about now,
but Ana Bernal Triviño What an idea is
that, go on, suck up to the political party
in power, please. So, nothing is over
and they recover the contest that
was before, the name of María Teresa
Campo It doesn't stop ringing a month after her
death and on Telec they are
now bringing out the supposed horns What a mustache
Rosel put on María Teresa Campo with
the collaboration, attention from Gustavo,
now I am going to give more context and
explain better to you, Carmen Borrego breaks down
live and the truth is that we have
seen a Carmen that I think, I don't know if you are
going to agree with me, that she
is not yet ready to be there at the
forefront for issues
about her mother and things to come out because of the eschilo. It's that
I have lived like my mother was
permanently on her cell phone, lifeless
this scoundrel's fault and I
can't stand it anymore you can't do
so much harm to a human being it's not fair You
can be a flirt, be whatever you want
Why did you do this to my mother
why Because my mother never got back on her feet
and you can't continue doing
this to a human being she's not
in a condition yet and no I mean it's all very
recent and it's not yet
okay to talk about these issues either It
's true that bigote would have had a
little more class too and they
should have waited a little bit to talk
about the subject almost everyone said this
but well we see a
very affected Carmen borrego who is still
undoubtedly not fit to be on
a television set leave my mother in
peace you Edmundo your daughter your niece your friend
your cousin keep the memory of an
honest person above all a
great mother It seems to be according to what
some collaborators have commented Isabel
rábago has also given more details
About the matter Alejandra Rubio yesterday had to
go home broken in tears
that send a kiss to Alejandra because
Alejandra yesterday had a night a
tremendous afternoon eh I know the program ended eh  in
tears between cameras and it's
really wrong It seems that bigote
used Gustavo's services for
their encounters and their shaking without
using the driver no Hey take me here
Take me There Gustavo has the keys to
many of bigote's behaviors
during his relationship with maresa let's see
Gustavo was the person who attended to
Edmundo's wishes as long as Teresa was
at home and said Edmundo
I want to go to this place well Gustavo was
doing his job I want to go to such a place
but Gustavo yes when he began to
realize the situation Or suspected
yes he told him off and said Hey what's
going on what a mess you're bringing I
don't like him one bit but there comes a
time when Gustavo is aware of the
life that Edmundo leads behind
Teresa Campos's back and there is a moment in which
Gustavo expresses his discomfort he doesn't
do it with Teresa Campos he does it with his
daughters if he does it with daddies to whom he
says and warns them he says sorry to
bigote let's see what you get and  there is
a moment of great
internal conflict for Gustavo because he feels like he
is betraying the person he
loves the most is Teresa Campos as for the
photos If you want Juan José Valleta is
back in the news this time
for something quite ugly the truth is quite
murky it was recently well the
last time I saw him on television was
a few months ago when he gave a
very nice interview to Jordi Eole the
truth is that I was watching the
interview and it was very good if you have
the chance to see it you can see it on the
internet you can search for it and you'll see it it
was quite nice a humble down to earth guy
a guy from his neighborhood No the truth is
that the interview was very good and
now it seems that he has been reported
by a girl who is a lifelong neighbor a
lifelong friend from the neighborhood
who the boy at an ATM has
groped her or rather It seems that they were coming
from a party where they were happy and
Juan José well he would have started
groping her and the girl has filed a
complaint against him for sexual assault that affects
the actor Juan José Ballesta El Bola
actor known as El Bola the child
prodigy has been  reported by an
old childhood friend and neighbor for
sexual assault in that complaint to which
this space has had access This
program The woman who is 47 years old
assures that the assault occurred
last July after a night in
which there was no shortage of drink and no
shortage of drugs the complainant as I
already said is a woman of 4 7 years who has
known him all her life The truth is
that I find it very strange that this has
happened I do not know him I am not going to put my
hand in the fire for him or anything like that he has
been a very controversial boy he has
been a boy that we have seen
involved in a lot of problems but I do
not know if he is capable of reaching this point and
more with a person with whom he has
confidence a 47 year old woman
reports him for a sexual assault it
allegedly occurred next to an ATM
in Parla in Madrid de crossbow puts his
hand inside her underwear and performs
different touches all during a
night of partying and with his
friends since childhood and neighbors
for a time I understand that when
you are partying or Come from partying the
two Well maybe I do not know the truth  I mean, I do
n't know, maybe you know how to read between the
lines, you don't know how to read the atmosphere and what you
can and can't do. Now the
actor has to appear in the
investigating court number four of Parla on
November 7th as a
suspect, a life worthy of a movie that
could end tragically. What a
shame it's to see your life like this. I don't know if
this was an argument, I don't know if
this was a misunderstanding that
went too far,
but the thing is that the girl arrived at the
hospital, at the hospital she had to tell
the story, the nurses, the doctors
gave her credibility and they were the ones who
called the police, so Juan
José is going to have to go and testify.
Soon, for this incident, okay. We'll
see later if this continues,
is it admitted for processing or not, okay, we'll
see what possibilities he has, but for
now the news is there, okay, he has the
complaint, let's see, he has to give
explanations, he has to be
investigated, it must be said that he has not been
arrested at the moment, but that they
tried to locate him, the police tried to
locate him and he has been  directly summoned
to court she has been required to
go to a compressor this woman is in a
hospital and she tells the doctors and the
doctors give her credibility they notify
the police and the UFAM is put into action
he will have to answer before the
investigating judge of Parla who is handling the case
him and another person whom she also
accuses not only of having
sexually assaulted her but of having had to
detain her for a time let's see
Ana Bernal tribiño is very angry with
the blue tide I'm going to read the tweets and
we're going to answer it a little bit the
blue tide must be very bored because
after 3 years they are still the only one
among all the experts who
went to the program if they think I will
shut up I don't remember that I have a doctorate in
journalism and my job is this they should
find a job the others well ann
Bernal tribiño The truth is that this is
surely because they have received
criticism for the barbarity And the nonsense
that happened the other day the other day I
was commenting on it on a newscast No
lie it was not on a newscast  It was in a
live stream here, I'm going to put the edit
right now, an excerpt. Wait, boom, they
were offering the baby on the internet so that
other people would come and rape him. So what's up?
Ana Bernal Triviño,
Rocío Carrasco's defender and other causes are taking it and she's
justifying the woman, that is, him. Yes, he
is a rapist obviously because he is
a man, but the woman, that is, the mother
of the baby who allowed it and
also spread, apparently, the videos and so on,
well, it wasn't her. Look even more, and it
was very clear that she
was no longer the one who had mistreated and
dominated her. How little is known about the
dependencies, ties, and threats of
gender violence and how easily it is spoken.
Touch your nose now. Touch your
nose now. Mariloli. The justification to
save that woman. Let's call her
lady, just to call her something, okay, just because she
's a woman. It turns
out that something terrible happened in Madrid, a
Venezuelan was arrested because, uh, he
raped his baby. This is very strong, what I
'm going to tell you, but he raped  her
baby I'm not going to describe but let's go eh
Over there in the media
they are literally The guy took a
picture abusing the baby Very very
descriptive okay the
media tells you very descriptive
how he took the pictures and so on and
apparently the mother allowed it in
fact the mother was arrested too
then they released her but with the
mother's knowledge well
this man was passing this child pornography
And this woman Ana Bernard Treviño
well had nothing else to do but
justify the mother okay she came out
saying that well surely she
was alienated that she was an
abused woman And then surely
she was not herself and she did not do things
voluntarily this this lady will always
defend the woman from anything and
from any atrocity And from any
barbarity that is done so what she
did the other day putting a tweet
justifying that lady was like
crowning herself no and we have been
marked forever What kind of
person she is and here you can color it
in the way you want you can criticize
the blue tide the green the yellow
you can criticize the tide you want no
but what verna has  tribiño how
good what has given her the most fame has
been participating in the Rocío
Carrasco docuseries and coming across as a
radical feminist with a bit of a
pathetic criterion the truth is that not only have we
seen her defend Rocío Carrasco
doing pirouettes and handstands to make us
believe a story that has
contractions and water all over the place
blaming a man who may have his
ups and downs but who is not an
abuser you may dislike him a lot you can
criticize some attitudes but an
abuser is not and is not an abuser
despite the fact that he has been investigated for 3 years
when the other has presented
everything that was in her power to
present these people on a program
saying barbarities like a man
is not innocent until he has a
trial we will see for God and then
Well I remember many more episodes
that we have lived through in the last 3 years with
this lady For example, let's not
want to remember the case not how they
handled the case and how they touched on the case
of these two girls from the Canary Islands
who died that took everything to a very
ugly terrain over there I have  videos
also talking about that the Juan case
above didn't even touch it the Juan case above he
touched it to defend Juan above
saying that she was an abused woman and
that well what she had
done was right and then when the child came out
saying that the mother forced him to
lie falsely accuse his father
to kidnap him aa Bernal tribiño
quiet No And then Well basically she
's throwing a tantrum on Twitter she
's not saying this that I just read
after 3 years of her thing but the thing is that
if they leave it they'll get away with nothing The
donation chiringuito that
Ana Bernal triviño have set up you're here to
talk about chiringuitos you're here
to criticize any
donation chiringuito or anything like that
when you rub shoulders with a lot of
people who have chiringuitos on the
left who collect payments and who
collect subsidies and that are
associations set up simply so that
the government pays them a subsidy
they're for real therapy there's more
life to move forward here she's analyzing with the
therapies No and with Mental Health
watch out for this tweet too How  they can have
so much time on their hands they don't work they don't
have responsibilities to family members and
Ana Bernal Treviño people are
commenting on your public articles if you
are a journalist and you dedicate yourself to this and you
beat your chest about this then
people will be able to comment on your articles and
the nonsense you say on Twitter
this is not about having more or less
time people do that in their
free time and then they say they don't have
family responsibilities the one who
had family responsibilities and has
been nothing due to family abandonment for not
paying child support for her child with
special needs has been your friend
Rocío Carrasco and she hasn't come out to write
an article or say anything and she hasn't
posted a single tweet here someone
tells her thank a youtuber very
often she puts you down and belittles you and
she says another one who also doesn't work that
lives off Chiringuito and has been on a
single topic for 3 years because she doesn't know how to do anything else I do
n't know which youtuber of those who
criticize her they are referring to Because all the
youtubers criticize her if they are not referring to
me then I  I answer for everyone
else okay here youtubers don't live
off ch Chiringuito Ana Bernal tribiño de
Chiringuito Maybe any
of the programs that you work on
on Spanish television or any of
the associations subsidized by the
government of your colleagues that you hang out
with a few of, come on I could tell you
seven or eight names in a moment Those
are free subsidies from Face
ours is not worth it ours is to charge for
advertising for the repercussions and the
reach that we have but come on
you start criticizing donations and the
work of nobody when now they are
including in the batch of Super chats and
donations your friend Jorge Javier or
your friend Kiko Hernández shut your mouth
lest one day we
see you opening a channel on
YouTube and asking for members well I
will be putting here on screen the
images that Netflix has
released this morning on its
Twitter and Instagram account and all its
social networks promoting the
release date of every man for himself okay
as you can see they are images  a little bit
imitating the 70s and 80s, they
're not a little bit eighties images of Miami
and well you can stop it okay if you want to
see a specific image or whatever
you can stop it you can
pause the video you see the photograph
Belén Estea on the beach Terelu also
over there María Patiño with a jet ski I do
n't think they're there doing a
reality show in Miami they're supposed to be
imitating a film from that time not
like gray or whatever what happens is that it
seems more like an
Almodobar film But anyway the premiere of
every man for himself will take place on
November 10th Juan de Val
Nuria Roca's husband and collaborator of El Hormiguero
has harshly attacked
Jorge Javier Vázquez with this sasca there are already many
corpses it takes a lot of talent to
compete with El Hormiguero I don't want it to
sound arrogant but it does sound
arrogant Well, making it sound like competing with
El Hormiguero is a very difficult thing El
Hormiguero is not something that is done
like improvising going out to compete with  El
Hormiguero with just one idea doesn't usually
go well when someone tries to
compete or try to beat El Hormiguero, they should
have a lot of respect for them because
then when they cancel the program after
10 days. Well, you don't look good. Juan de
Val is always controversial and in these
statements the truth is that he has been
very successful because yes, although he has sounded
arrogant because he has sounded, they can
allow it, things are as they are and the thing is that at the
moment, a program that can
overshadow El Hormiguero is not born and I think that for a long
time it will not be possible. This
Twitter user has found another clue that
would give us and point us in the direction
that I think something is happening. I have been
saying it for a long time, I have been
saying it, well not for a long
time but yes, for a few weeks there
were people on the networks who started saying
that it was a hoax when I said it and it
seems that in the end it is not going to be a
hoax. But well, we will see, not at the moment,
all I am saying is that I can neither
confirm nor deny it but that the rumor
exists, the rumor exists among people
close to Olga and  Agustín not only does
the rumor exist but the sources
that give me this information are
sources that have always given me
information with very
specific information and they have always been right, it's not that they
have been right it's that they knew
this user that you are seeing on the
screen says oh my god oh my god and
publishes the two photographs pointing at
something on Agustín's wrist well that she
points out that Agustín's wrist is no longer visible
if we zoom in we can see
well This is a story that Agustín has uploaded
to his Instagram account and he does not
have the bracelet that he shares with Olga
Moreno they both wear a little red bracelet
that they share not in one of these
couple bracelets and Agustín Well for now he
has taken it off This indicates that they have broken up
no but it is one more indication that we add to
everything that we have been seeing in recent
weeks Carlos Herrera in his program on
Cope has commented on the latest
home accident that almost cost him his beard
pay attention to any recent home accident
that you have been careful with certain
shampoos to wax them because you give it to yourself
on the beard and then you end up with a multi-colored beard how nice and you have to shave it's that Who would think of it, of course, pass I gave a massage imagine what happened to you yesterday no no let's see I get something and he says put this on your hair that it
takes away the shine that one from the one with the
ash hair it's so ugly we have some and I
say vo The beard I just say this it will
also work for the face when I
shower and go out I have a seven-
colored beard like Padre Pio's let's say I don't know if
I'm right but I think
Carlos Herrera is referring to the typical
shampoos these you know the typical shampoos
when you bleach your hair and it's the
typical purple shampoo to get the
tone the toner that it's called well I
think that's what he's referring to and who
knows what he's done and he's
turned purple Even his eyes the cover
of Chabelita's wedding is causing a
lot of talk you know that over the
weekend the program Emma
García's party was the one that
exclusively gave the cover where we could
see the bride and groom posed next to
Anabel Pantoja and Jorge Javier Vazquez
who is the best man there was talk
all weekend about
Jorge Javier running away from the wedding in a very
short time and the fact is that he didn't
even wait for the dance and he wasn't at the dinner,
the drinks or anything because well he was
seen at the Seville airport
heading to Madrid about two or three
hours before the event was to start there were
a lot of people speculating that Jorge had
only gone for the exclusive and
well really I don't think that's the case
I think Jorge Javier despite
the press that was
waiting for him at the airport he went to
do isapi a favor and that's it if isap
had asked someone else then
The Godfather would have been someone else
the truth is Jorge Javier
never attends any weddings he hasn't attended
weddings of people who have been very good friends of
his because he doesn't like being at this
type of events apart from that Jorge Javier wouldn't
be going through one of his best
moments and this added to the fact that he is
quitting alcohol to get paid as such you
think he has gotten paid Joana no first
say that Jorge  It was early at the wedding
because Jorge is not in Jorge has
explained that he is undergoing treatment eh
with medication and that he is doing
therapy so eh Jorge is very down
and Jorge at the moment can't stand more
than 2 hours at an event like this where there
is a lot of music where people talk to you
because they are not well and in fact Jorge went
with his assistant who is a
lovely girl she is a girl who has been going for years she does sees
from the banks of
this is the one who accompanies this girl
he does not go alone he goes with Cristina I think and he
is there as long as his health
allows him at the moment he goes because he
loves Isa very much because it makes him very
angry that Anoja has done this
he does not charge her for appearing in the exclusive
nor does Anabel charge her here the only one
who charges for appearing in the exclusives is
the mother who if she had gone she would have
asked for part of the exclusive like she
did when she married Irene
honestly I have seen many people
criticizing even the fact that he went
with an assistant like If that were
classist in some way or whatever and it's
like we'll see eh has  hired
a person is paid a salary is a
job another of the
most marked controversies of the wedding was the ally of
the former friend of iap Anet who was
behaving in a tremendously
striking way and it is also said that she leaked
images of the event in the first
instance Anet was not going to be invited
Finally they did invite her with the
conditions that the rest of the
guests had for example not to bring cell phones
into the event but Anet
apparently did what she wanted she
leaked images of the wedding she sent photos she
sent videos and she was invited to leave okay
she was expelled from the wedding even when they
were expelling her from the wedding she
resisted and said no that they could not
expel her because she had to do a
paid collaboration at the time of the
invitation In other words, the aunt had arranged with
a brand to do a promotion on her
Instagram at the isap invitation without
asking without asking for miso or anything and she
also published some stories on her
Instagram account in which she said with her
mouth closed flies do not enter which
basically Well I don't know what she
means by this but it could be a
warning this girl was a very good
friend of Isa p It is assumed and could know
many things about Isa Isabel Pantoja,
so with this warning I would be
giving a touch and saying be careful because if
I speak it will get even more complicated.
Meanwhile, during the weekend,
the fiesta program received a
visit from quema, who could have been
a lover of the world to rosé according to a
photograph that they brought
last weekend in which it was assumed, according to
people who have seen it,
this lady was clearly seen in a
very affectionate position with the world,
the lady denies it, but not only does she
deny it, but also this lady has
visited all the Tele5 sets since
2016 and 2017 denying her relationship with
rosette. In other words, they have been
accusing the two of having a fling for some time,
no, they always deny it, they say they are
friends, she says they are work partners
as well and they always deny it on set,
well, she has been seen in a confrontation
with Alejandra Rubio who had an
attitude with her. Well, there are not
many people who have applauded the
supposed sasas that  I would be giving
gems in these images that you are
seeing below where among other
things they face that well for
example that she works where she works
thanks to being the daughter of who she is and the granddaughter
of who she is you say that I come here to
take advantage of myself I do not take advantage of anyone
being on a television dish even if I
am not paid talking about one thing
like we all know how this goes no
you know how this goes because you come from
being the daughter of
vale to what both have praised and
basically they have thrown in each other a
series of reproaches Gema continues to
deeply deny her relationship with the world and
also even denies being paid for
these appearances that she is making on
television I repeat again I come here and I
come for free that I do not need to come
here that I have my job you understand me I
come from something that seems
completely suspicious to me and the truth does not fit me
Unless there are other
ulterior motives or that with this I earn something
else I do not understand how nobody is going to
spend the afternoon on television without getting paid
and giving content apologize what I
apologize I do not think I have
disrespected you DEA way  I have been
working in the media for 30 years
and she is here thanks
to a person who, like any other
person, for example, in 2017, while she was
taking her walk around all the studios,
took the opportunity to
pose for a photo in Interview magazine. Carlota
Corredera continues to give interviews,
talking about her dismissal from Tele5 and
making some harsh barbs. This time she
gave an interview in a paid-for magazine
in a digital media outlet. I'm going to read you
some headlines that they published in
something special. Carrasco suffered a lot
when I stopped presenting, but I
can't tell you if she feels responsible or
not. Well, this would make a clear reference
to the fact that Carlota Corredera had a huge
position at Telec, which, don't
forget, she was a director and presenter. She
had a position there that was quite
important at Telec. It cost her her
job, defending and
defending Rocío Carrasco in her way, not defending her
as such because in the end, you can
defend her and you can believe in her, it's the
way she has done, not the way she
handled the issue and how she took it.
Wednesday nights you
sow that night.  a wave carried him
from the first hour of the
next morning the sandcastle collapsed
let's see This makes a clear
reference to the morning
programs that were on both their own
channel and on other sites Well, they
always dismantled the previous episode
but the thing is that this is because there were
many lies Carlota not because
people are denialist or sexist I don't know
where the wave came from but I can
tell you that I suffered and it has almost
destroyed me Almost almost But no, it hasn't
destroyed me I have been very bad eh here it
refers to the fact that there has been some kind
of plot against her there are people
like for example well I'm not going to give
names But there are people within the
channel who blame politics, the PP, the
right, the contacts that
Borja Prado has, that everything is ideological,
okay, with the issue of throwing these people out,
closing the programs that are closing
the other day on a program on the channel, it
was Fran Blanco, who was the presenter
of several programs on Tele5, For
example, Big Brother in his day or the
debates, he was telling about a bad
experience he had but on Antena 3
with Mercedes Mila, remember  that
lately there are many
clicks of Mercedes Milan clicks that are
quite unfortunate to say the least and
here one more anecdote would be added in this
case Fran Blanco comments that Mercedes
Mila without knowing him at all It
was nothing to him and the first thing he did was
put his hand on her and I don't know how she got
so excited that she said I'm going but I'm going tomorrow I'm going
tomorrow or I'm not going after months of
asking for it with which we received her and we had hardly had
time to even
prepare well what to do with her
Then the door opens I had only
seen her once in my life
Mercedes Mila we didn't have confidence
the door opens the door of Anda is already
opening to receive Mercedes Mila
brother please quei And then
Mercedes Mila comes to me and touches me
with her hand Put on my testicles
testicles and a little bit of but a little bit of
penis just because my penis was very
small in a moment of euphoria of course you
know I mean I was I was very
scared I was ashamed of your penis moment Well and
then cl I stayed and I said to her but and you
tell me to see how you have them let's see
how you have them if you have them  like those
from Wyoming because and I tell you that this
came from something about Wyoming and so on the
truth is that I don't know what you guys think
about this subject there are a lot of people who say
well it's a joke of hers that it
's her way of being and that nothing happens I
really think that well it's something to
cry out we are not
talking about the one who has allied herself with a
kiss with a blonde's kiss to a soccer
player and it turns out that well
this lady has done this on several
occasions and she used to do it as
a joke and there she is as she is a feminist
and she turns purple well nothing happens
another one who has laughed at the papar chis
that were interviewing him but the real
deal was Omar Montes when
asked what he would do if he won the
Grammy award Omar Monte was teasing the
press with the possibility of buying
a private jet But pay attention because there's a
cat locked up you have to listen
carefully What are the reasons that
he gives to these papari for why he would
buy this Jet is going to happen how are
you going to celebrate What's up well look if  I
win I think I'm going to buy a jet
I feel like it Yes because I feel like it is that
I am fed up with getting to
places and wasting 2 hours you know
when you go to the to the airports you
have to go 2 hours early that if they
are searching you all the time that if they
throw away your deodorant that if they don't let you
bring the shampoo that is a pain you
buy your Jet and they don't throw you away anymore
what you spend on the jet you save on
shampoos they throw away all the shampoos and
all the deodorants and everything they
throw it in the trash that is money because
if they throw you away once nothing happens Well if
you travel two three times a week two
or three shampoos that they throw away weekly
if you do the mental calculation of all that
weekly it can be leaving you
between 15 and 20 on shampoo plus hairspray plus
everything so at the end of the month you spend
a little money it is a salary to me what
catches my attention is not only the
vasile itself but also
that  the media is hesitating they have taken this out
as if it were a non-ironic headline the
television factory announces on its
social networks a new image change in the
social program it with María
Patiño after 6 years of Misión socialité it
changes its logo and changes its image
starting next Saturday the
21st and it seems that the
protagonist color this time will be
[Music]
pink
in addition, the television factory
together with Netflix has published another teaser
about the program save yourself who can
that the collaborators of sálvame have filmed
in
[Music]
Miami new memes can come out
many new memes and the
protagonist in all her splendor
has undoubtedly been Belén Esteban
at least from this taser please
I want a tacky photo but
how are you going to give it to you And I
love you too but the recipe is not the one that gives you
gaspacho I'll give you the gazpacho and
if you don't know it how are you going to love it you
yes to the gazpacho Belén  beautiful honey now I'll
give you a boot of gazpacho don't worry you
want the recipe I'm not going to
give it to you what the [ __ ] tea v and take a picture it
smells like weed all the time dude it smells like marijuana smells like marijuana
smells
so much like marijuana How beautiful come on
you feel like Miami barri more No lie I'm
telling you I don't even know the number of memes that
come out of this trailer from the photo
from the gazpacho since here it smells like
weed the truth is we'll see what comes out
of here a
somewhat strange video of Melendi has gone viral I'm not going to
comment much I'm just going to post
the images and you tell me what's wrong with him
because I don't know what's wrong he's a little
strange the truth is and these images are
causing a lot of talk on social networks
[Music]
YouTube is going to explode beautiful these from the
Spanish Football Club are going viral on
social networks and it's that all the
members of the team jumped onto the field
after the game each one
with a puppy that was looking for a home
taking advantage of the repercussion that
the games have and take advantage of the people that
are there  They're trying to do this so that every
puppy finds a home with someone
who will adopt it
[Music] I
think we're already live we're
in
[Music]
live Okay now now I
get out
[Music]
ent new movement a little strange and
incomprehensible regarding his relationship
with Olga Moreno you know that
lately we've been talking about
some things It seems that there's a
crisis between Olga and Agustín and on the other
hand it seems that there's a better vibe
not a better relationship between Antonio
David and Olga that they would have had for
a while their ups and downs everyone
realized that Antonio
David had given a like to a
photograph of Olga Moreno celebrating her
birthday Well now people would have
realized that days later
for some reason that we don't know
why it is that I don't know why
this can be done the truth But he did it he
removed the like from the photograph
we have checked And yes he did remove the like I do
n't understand why I don't know if it's because of what has
been commented I don't know if
Olga asked him to I don't even  idea the
truth because it is that since you have
put it Already leave it No in fact it makes more
noise and more movement the fact that
now you remove it and people
comment on it I do not know what you think about
this subject and what could be the reason in
another order of things more indications of
the possible breakup between Olga Moreno and
Agustín Etién come out And it is that a youtuber
would have been calling a restaurant
where Agustín Etién would have been seen
eating possibly Hello is
doing the same with Agustín why do we
say this because although we see these
beautiful photos three weeks ago
Now it turns out the rumors that
the couple would be separated do not stop
growing even Agustina has sum that
this would be approximately the fifth
story that she uploads alone and now we see
food in Lobito de mar I will
excuse the indiscretion no but when
I saw this image I called lobito de mar
who is in Madrid and I said good
afternoon How are you I need to speak with
Agustí does he have or with who is accompanying him and
I was attended by a somewhat
confused waitress let's say a bit
absentminded and she told me I can't
communicate with who Gustin is with
Tina because there's no one there and I was
like Oh you already told me what I needed to
know and then she said No wait I
can't communicate with anyone and she
practically cut me off So Agustín
was not with Olga and
absolute bombshell eh Nothing sincerely Agustín and
Olga now they need to confirm it
somehow to know that they are separated
today the Turk spoke to Marta Riesco So I do
n't think they're getting back together So and we've
been talking about this in the
community 2024 could be the year in which
the Flores Moreno family is reconfigured
our colleague Javel Veira already
told us that Rocío and Olga have a
fluid relationship something that I
personally didn't know I would like
Javi to splash around a bit more I
understand that he's in Portugal now So
when he comes back Comrade you know you have to
clarify a little for us How is
that going Michel Salas the daughter of Luis
Miguel got married this weekend
in Tuscany with the
Venezuelan businessman Danilo Díaz the press has already
published the  first images in
which Luis Miguel accompanied by Paloma
Cuevas attended the event at
first there was a lot of speculation
and many unknowns surrounding this
wedding the truth is that they have kept
many secrets from their followers and
above all because people wondered
if Luis Miguel was going to attend or not something
that was confirmed in recent days and
finally the famous artist canceled
a concert in the United States to
attend the wedding there are some media that
say that he canceled a concert and there are
others that say that he went to the wedding
running as soon as it was over but the
thing is that he got on a
private helicopter that took him to the IL borro estate
where the link had there was
a lot of speculation as well and a lot of
gossip because the singer arrived alone
at first but finally
just a couple of hours later Paloma
Cuevas appeared on her side and
well each one came from a place in the
images published exclusively by the
program and now they are suns we can
see a happy Luis Miguel
enjoying the link and enjoying
the company of his partner the image of the
businesswoman congratulating
Luis Miguel's daughter has already  been around the
world and everything would indicate that the
link and the event was celebrated with total
normality and with a great atmosphere
from all the members of the
family when Michel salas was 16
years old he gave an interview to the magazine where he
said that he dreamed of having a
solid family not a fake one with
not leaving things half done in his life and
with getting married and not getting divorced and the day
to start making that dream a reality
arrived this weekend the
Italian Tuscany was the scene of the best
kept and most anticipated wedding of the year that of the
daughter daughter of Luis Miguel Michel salas
with Danilo Díaz Granados and not only
because everything was jealously guarded
until the last moment but because
behind it there were details that
fans and the press were eager to
know the most important of all if her
father Luis Miguel would go to the wedding just
a few days before It was confirmed that he would be
present the big surprise was
that he canceled a concert in the United
States to be by his daughter's side
but above all the news that nobody
expected and everyone wanted to Hear Luis
Miguel arrived in the Italian Tuscany
by helicopter to deliver Michel
salas at the altar that Lucia a  beautiful
Dolce & Gabbana dress was ADO in
Grace Kelly's dress at her wedding to
Prince Rainier and Kitty Spencer,
niece of Princess Diana of Wales. Her
dress had
the initials of the bride and groom hidden between the lace and tulle
embroidered with blue thread, a gesture
that gave a special touch to the piece
designed by the founders of the
Italian fashion house Dominico Dolce and
Estefano Gavana. The
financial agreement that Bertín of Born had with
the alleged mother of his next child
Gabriela Guillén is broken. Bertín of Borne agreed
with her to give her a kind of
support, a kind of pay. Yes, a
pay, we really give her a pay, a
salary every month until
the child was born, she would do the
paternity tests and well, that she would not lack
anything, not having her well off
financially, no, we don't know what the
amount is, but it is a salary with which
she could be calm and carry the
pregnancy well and the preparations for the
baby's birth. eh, we
even detailed that it had been 9 months since she
decided to help him with a series of expenses
that she freely  could determine
what she spent it on and what she invested it in
after waiting for the arrival of that
baby then receives the news of the pregnancy
what has happened Well, according to
Paloma García Pelayo they had to
break this pact because they have not
agreed on some final
conditions all the differences that they have been
having until now is
another time why is another time
because this agreement has been broken it has been
broken I do not know if it will be definitive or good
because of course When the baby is born
and finally it is the son of Bertinos
Borner, well of course he maintains that he will
take care of financially everything that is
needed It turns out that Bertin wanted to
regularize the situation and do it as an
official to give explanations
Fiscal to the Treasury of that payment that was being made
monthly has been broken it was broken a
few days ago after several meetings
with sanctions and trying to reach an
agreement again a second agreement but it
is an agreement with all logic, that is to say
trying to order trying to give shape to
that type of income according to
Paloma García Pelayo this
economic situation had to be regulated because the
Treasury well because it is an amount it
is not an important amount that is already
being  several months and that basically
this has to be explained to the
Treasury and it has to be done
regularly, there is no way to explain,
justify those incomes, that
transfer, that is to say, a document before a
notary in which it is justified and that
explains why
that series of incomes are being received because
precisely that, fiscally it has to be
justified, it has to be ordered to what
Gabriela would have refused that she has not
agreed with the conditions
that Bertin has offered her, they did not
like it and she said that it does not depend on the
amount, no, well in any case, but it
is necessary. If you receive x money
for several months in a row,
both who does who makes the income
and who receives it, then fiscally it has to be
justified. I
personally do not know if any
professional is here watching this video, if that is the
case, please put something in the
comments box because I believe that
here if there is no professional relationship you do not
have to justify anything, Berting of B
is giving her that money on the concept
of whatever he wants so that she does not
lack anything and to maintain her, period, it
is like maintenance, let's not imagine
that it is 500  1000 something like that if the
Treasury comes and asks you why
you are paying this woman 1000 a
month Well you tell her that she is pregnant
with your child and you are paying her
support and that you are giving it to her
gladly Because you feel like it
information I have is that after
trying with lawyers to reach that
agreement there is a document to sign that has to be
signed eh Gabriela and she
was not in the mood or she was not
willing I do not know the reasons and the motives
but the thing is that they decided not to sign it and that
is why that agreement is broken
as long as there is nothing suspicious
that indicates an employment relationship here I do not
see the problem You have to
justify income if you are doing
a job because you are not going to get paid in
cash But if you are giving her money
in the form of food and support I
think not but well I do not know tell me
in the comments box what you
think if there is no regularization
from documentation of those incomes that
are justified and Dee ordered well
the economic agreement is over at the
moment I do not know if it will finally arrive  to
a PR agreement and that he sees reason and
signs it Because obviously if you
receive money in soles in your account that
says Hacienda you have to justify it
in some way here it seems to me that there is
something strange that maybe Gabriela Well
has not convinced she has seen some
movement that she has not liked And she has
said that no that things are not
done like that And well we will see how
this turns out because Well the
tensions the bad vibes begin and when
things come like this from the beginning
we will see how this
parental relationship between both of them develops. He Go ahead Dino because he
wants to yes it is voluntary obviously it is
voluntary It is an agreement that they make as a
couple initially he tries to regularize
Of course but you have to regularize it Of course
because it has been several months the
amounts are already considerable and if you are
already two and a half months pregnant
but in the concept of what
regularization a donation that is why I was going to
intervene before a notary with a
document that I know would have
regularized those payments and the concept
But well Not one Antonio David Flores
in one of his last live shows has had
as a guest Jesús Muñoz
vice president of the association  anavid
National Association for Aid to Victims
of Domestic Violence this gentleman has
exposed with a graph with
real numbers and in conditions how
things are with the reports of
gender violence that are not true or
that do not end with real
abusers convicted there you can see better
okay Well, the gray ones are the
number of reports the blue ones are the
people who like David have ended up
with a file, an acquittal or free or
a withdrawal which is the number of
reports among those reports I enter I
have I am the victim of seven
consecutive reports of abuse and you are
talking and the one who is talking is a
terrorist alcaeda I had a request for
prison for 14 and a half years I have a
free acquittal for a founded Us and I
am part of those numbers the yellow ones are
the sentences are you realizing
the number of innocent people who are
being prosecuted who have had
their fundamental rights plowed away deprived of
liberty their children have been broken they have been
identified as terrorists of
alcaeda financed with public money and
Of those numbers that we see there, 72 percent
of those men reported for
gender violence in the last 10 years have
taken their own lives, 30,000 on average. That is,
72 percent of the 3,000 suicides that occur
annually among men, 72 percent are
reported for gender violence or
abusive processes, the process of
separation of equal rights that
practically entails
economic poverty, this is the incitement to
suicide, this is the authorization
of billions of euros and when
I like to be very, uh, exact with the
numbers, it is because each complaint of those
gray ones, well, of the blue ones, those men
who have proven their innocence. I am not saying that
those 137,000, for example, in 2022, are
false complaints, but I leave the
question with the fact that half, that
is to say, practically 70, 62,000
men in one year have been deprived of their
liberty, labeled as terrorists
when they have done nothing more than fight for their
children, for their home, for their dignity, for their
name and for their  innocence have been
deprived of liberty driven to suicide
we are talking about one of the greatest
social genocides of the time of the
21st century in Spain and we
have all contributed with our taxes the
truth is that looking at the graphs the
numbers are impressive like this
man who is speaking they have
put up to seven complaints for abuse
seven complaints that have come to nothing
because the man is innocent and good I would
love to know your opinion on
this graph about these numbers and about
this scandal José Alcaide one of the
collaborators of Antonio David Flores has
wanted to condemn María Patí and pull her
ear for this tweet that you
are seeing on screen justice is
questioned when it matters the truth is
that María Patiño is wonderful I have to
make a video one day if you
want to ask me in the
comments box a compilation of all
the wonders that María Patiño says
when she takes that cell phone with that Twitter and
gets philosophical and starts painting her
because the truth is that she doesn't stop doing that
painting her That's Patiño and the best
example we find in you and all
the mercenaries who participated in  the
big lie of television that
has generated so much harm and hatred to a family and
to society your inconsistency shows
day after day your moral character says
José alcaide very angry also
some words of Terelu Campos have been much commented on in the last hours In
reference to Isapi well she gets into it with
Isabel Pantoja how can someone put
aside a daughter like this I don't know
what I don't know how much I read your words and
you tell me what she is going to remind you of
her prudence in recent years brings me closer
her pain disguised as understanding
or absurd understanding there are things that
cannot be understood in the end
begging for a mother's love is very
sad I won't talk about her brother because I
have nothing to say about him I don't know him
but I do have affection for his wife
Irene Rosales with whom I have worked
but this girl deserves to feel
abandoned by her family Nobody deserves
That for me what distanced me from Isa Pantoja
were some statements she made about
her mother and that didn't seem necessary to me
the people who have been close to
her have seen how that girl has suffered
has been ignored by her family
in her own home They know who they
are like we all know I know
because I have mutual friends or friends who
were mutual with Isabel Pantoja even though
Isa has an 8 year old son she is still
a child Now let's imagine that we are not
talking about Isabel Pantoja or Isa p and
that we are talking about Rocío Carrasco and
Rocío Flores and tell me in the
comments box if you think Terelu would say
the same Gloria Camila has demonstrated
once again the complicity she has with her
pet a huge dog her dog is
huge to which she has put the music
of Rocío Jurado one of the most
mythical songs of the singer and the dog well he
carries it inside he feels it and sings with
her Hey Siri Play me how I love him you
Roo
[Music]
Jury
media the pasapalabra case is reopened
in the supreme court and
Antena 3 is claiming it even if it is Rosco's part
Yes, you already know that media sees in its day in
2019 specifically lost the program of
Pasapalabra for copyright issues,
well they didn't
agree, they didn't pay what they had to
pay and in the end they ended up
losing the program,
Antena 3 took over and Cos played some
hits today, well they must be
pulling their hair out these days at
Telec because Pasapala gets
a huge audience every day
and in these 4 years that have
passed Telec has not been able to take it over
with any other program, with any other
contest that they have put on, they continue
fighting and they have reopened the case in the
Supreme Court and the Supreme Court,
with the support of the Prosecutor's Office, has admitted
the lawsuit or this part of the
lawsuit in which they want to recover the
Rosco, which according to them, the Rosco would
belong to them, their rights, well,
this will take time, I can't
imagine it will take a bit, I don't know what
a procedure is, well, you know
how justice works, and then it will only
remain to be seen if they manage to win it, where they are
going to square the Rosco, no, but be
careful, it could be a point
recover the Rosco and do something with
it in a program, name it
Rosco or something like that eh ABC de
Sevilla echoed this morning some
statements by Pitingo specifically
a phrase he had made on his
social networks and well Well, they had come out a
little unfortunate people in Spain
don't have a [ __ ] clue about flamenco well I really like
Pitingo I follow
him on social networks he's
Antonio David de Olga's friend But the truth
is that many times he gets carried away on
social networks and then he receives a lot of
criticism here I leave you Pitingo's response
to the ABC newspaper in which he
recognizes his mistake and apologizes a little
for the issue now that I read the
headline is ugly the truth is I apologize I
was pissed off by the situation of
flamenco in Spain and the worst thing is the
little importance that is given to it in our
country the situation of my flamenco colleagues and
colleagues or my family who are
dedicated to it they do not have spaces
to show themselves on the stages only
tourists go The Peñas are closing and fewer and
fewer festivals without  discount the [ __ ] they
pay everyone they record an album and they ca
n't do any promotion because they don't
get any pure flamenco on the radio it's
a shame I went through all that and it
really bothers me that the fans are
losing it flamencos they go outside of
Spain for long periods because here the
youth fans are being lost
and any flamenco fan will tell you that
But anyway I repeat
forgive me my colleagues hurt me and it
hurts me more that in Spain we don't give
flamenco the true importance
it deserves and outside our borders they
adore it hugs and good health to
everyone you know that in the last few days
the controversy broke out with the issue of
Álvaro Prieto and the discovery of his
corpse a Spanish television reporter
discovered the corpse and had no
other choice but to broadcast it
live with the cameraman zooming in and
well showing the whole body of the
kid except the face because the truth is
that what was seen was the whole body
except the face you could see the hand was
very black so the truth is that they were
quite unfortunate images to
announce live that they were
finding the corpse of the journalist
Alberto Mené  that I recommend his channel
just hit 100,000
subscribers he got pissed off he got
angry and I really like it when he gets
angry no and when he gets angry and says
these little things So nothing I'm going to reproduce
the words that he had for all
those media okay No longer for
Spanish television but for all
those media that have already
taken the photo they have put it on their cli they have
put it on their covers in their
headlines No here you have the images
of the corpse I don't know what good Listening to
seeing trajectory eh important media
important media I mean you have ignored
any sensitivity to
get what more visits more clicks more money at the
expense of showing a
photograph where the corpse of the
still young man of 18 years old appears I congratulate you I
congratulate you because you can't be some
more Vultures Really And up to here with
this criticism included that I hope
reaches where it has to reach and it's going to
slide off me it's going to slide off me absolutely
everything because you don't deserve anything else than to be
called
miserable because  the case of
Spanish television can we in the end
use as an excuse that if we
were live that if it was happening at that
moment that no eh I'm telling you
no for what I've explained But
the rest what excuse do you have to put
that frame what do you want to achieve with this
morbid morb attraction morbid quick click That's it there's no
need for you to answer me
because there's nothing more informatively
speaking the readers understand
perfectly that the lifeless body was
found between two wagons there's no
need for you to say see and now
we'll show you how the feet come out there anyway anyway anyway
and up to here
as you can see very few surely many of you
will agree that it was not necessary to
show the images and that the news
in itself was quite morbid No Nuria
Marín wanted to give her opinion on
Catalan television about Princess Leonor's outfit that has
been talked about so much in recent days in
her Hispanic parade and admit that
Leonor dressed as a military woman is beautiful she's
not she's not the
deur
after mod shave her hair after the
film is that no I hope not because it
would be a
betrayal shave well that I had an
identity crisis it was me it was me you know that
Princess Leonor gave a lot to
talk about with her army gala dress
she chose pants also when
normally well women can
wear skirts to honor it is a topic the moment
that you t par and also
her greeting with a companion from Zaragoza was much talked about to
whom people Well, she assumed that
there was like a kind
Hello How are you hello
Are you the truth is that the images gave
a lot of play to the imagination or at
least to speculation and it seemed
like well it gave me the feeling
I'm going to tell you what I think is
that
salap
is it gave me the feeling that of
the two boys the first one is the one that
she might like or whatever she might not
like the boy It's normal
the age they have and everything else the
tension is not noticeable like the moment
no how He greets the queen how He greets
the mother then he leaves like that all that no no not
wanting to dissemble a little no And
then I think I would say the boy in the
back  I would say that the kid in the back is
the typical befriend who knows the whole
story right and is there Well a little more
relaxed right he's a little more talkative
then the look of The Kings then how
she turns no and looks at the kid
the first one if you notice when she turns her head Look at the first one well well rpara eye Look grace you to Antarctica don't worry no guap you are BB but don't stop and Well all this has been talked about a lot on the networks a lot on
all the televisions And in this
program on Catalan television well it has
been no less surely you will remember
one of the most famous reporters on
tele5 and well who walked through all the
gossip programs that we usually watch and we
have commented on it Torito disappeared
from half a set recently eh And well he had
not appeared for some time and now he
reappears in an interview that they have
done on a late nate in which he launches
all kinds of barbs against telec against
basile and in particular this has been the most
talked about a very direct indirect that
Ana Rosa Quintana has made for having at her
table  of panelists commenting on
serious topics Like for example the war in
Israel I'm ashamed I'm ashamed of the TV talking
about what I don't know is if it would make me so
ashamed of recently I'm ashamed of
programs that whose collaborator is to talk about
everything no Have a program and a couple of
Israel from Pantoja and we
collaborate well it really is true
what torito says in the program they are
having the same collaborators to
comment on the war in Israel and
Alvaro Prieto Maybe sometimes the thing
with Daniel Sancho with the thing with Daniel Sancho
maybe they have some changes from time to time
and put marlasca or someone but
many times they mix collaborators who
are talking about the heart and they
have them there talking about serious topics
also shame that not of Po interviews
I'm ashamed ye that they give are headline Rosa
vill has called attention in Cuarto
Milenio with these statements in
which she tells us what she would like to believe in
but doesn't believe would like to believe and don't believe
Well look I would like to believe that there
really is another life
indeed because I believe that
people who  think about that is very happy and it's
horrifying that they put you underground
the truth is that it makes sense I don't know
if you agree or not but
the truth is that yes to think that there is a
life after death that there is
another place that there is another that you go to
heaven Well hey it gives some hope no
because that's not how you're saying Oy I have
less left I have more left but well I'll be
reading the comments box
this testimony from Rosa caught my attention you
know that we love Rosa that she
came here to the Channel and that we
love her very much this week
David Vival is busy with the premiere of his
documentary on Movistar yesterday we were
talking about how he left
Chenoa out and Chenoa took it badly
Chenoa wants to be in David Vival's life
even today and on this
occasion we have some
moving statements that Rosana Sanetti made
about her husband and father of her children and
well Well basically it comes to say what
many people say that bval is very
close that is how you see him on TV
that he doesn't change anything that he is very down to earth
But the thing is that I  I always say David is
like David he doesn't change when V on
stage when V in a photoc an
interview then comes home it's the same I mean it's
not like there is a character face to
public and another from Face to intimate life
it's always like that always sometimes we joke
it's that maybe if we had
met before we wouldn't be together in the
end We have arrived at the
perfect time mature valuing a lot what we have being
very firm Who
we are also Beatriz cortá has unleashed
the Euphoria of the public with an exclusive And it
turns out that the
journalist has heard information
regarding the wedding that we were
commenting on the other day of the daughter of
Luis Miguel Michel Salas what had
happened with the bouquet To whom Michelle
gave the bouquet you already know that this wedding took
place in Tuscany and Beatriz cortaza has
that information pay attention
because it is very powerful Beatriz cortaza
you have another world
exclusive world exclusive of those that we like and they
just confirmed it to me I had
a question since Michelle's wedding
that everyone wanted to be
confirmed and today they confirmed it to me
I said what happened with the  Michelle's bridal bouquet
which to me is what interested me most
about the whole wedding Michel salas
handed the bridal bouquet to
his father's partner Paloma Cuevas well it has been
confirmed to me that Michelle gave her
bridal bouquet to Paloma
Cuevas I won't say any
more ahead
[Applause]
in front
of her daughter she went to give the bridal bouquet
to Paloma Cuevas and with that it's said
All eyes because the same thing for next year
we find out that we have a wedding that's what it
means to hand over the bouquet I don't
understand in the last few days there has been a
lot of talk about the clash
deoria with Luis pliego on the set of
Espejo público much has been said
about this subject there were many people who in
fact previously were already
reproaching Gloria Camila for sitting on
the same sofa and in the same program as
Luis pliego who has caused so much damage and so many
headlines against his
family and Miguel earlier by chance
was commenting on La Movida and he
published a tweet attacking
the director of readings when he
found out that he had
blocked him after he had
never directed Not one interaction against
Well, neither against him nor with him, I have
looked and look, in my life I have sent
a message to this scoundrel, liar
and opportunist, the networks are burning
with this advice from Carmen Borrego. For
Isabel Pantoja, you already know that the other day
we were commenting on something similar
from her sister Terelu and Carmen
Borrego is not shy either. I think that
clearly I think that Isapi has
said it, Isapi has helped
her mother financially, not on one occasion, but on several
occasions and there is one that is delicate
when her mother had the problem and had to go
in. I am not saying it because she does
not like it to be said where she had to
go and Sapi put in part, put in part of the
money to prevent her mother from going
to prison. The truth is that I do not know if
they are consistent with their words or if they have
forgotten the previous ones, but it
turns out that Carmen Borrego thinks that there is
no right for any mother to be
separated from her daughter. What her daughter
is doing by winking at her
mother and getting along with her and that she does not
understand. How Isabel does not  Sorry
then uh
I don't know what that mother has with that
daughter because I'm not in on it but that
daughter loves the mother that for a
long time she has tried to respect her mother
publicly to get
her attention and I think that Isabel could make a
wink for her daughter it's incredible no
family I'm not going to say anything you guys
are going to tell me in the
comments box and in the chat but oh well what
comes to mind when you hear
these words from Carmen
Borrego Spanish television has already decided
that for next year there will be a
new season of the Grand Prix of the summer
all this is because the program has
been indisputably a success and they
wanted to announce it in style on
their Twitter account new
information is leaked about what could be the
new sálvame And it's sounding
stronger and stronger that after the
premiere of this documentary reality that they
made on Netflix Netflix itself
would be willing and eager and
delighted to broadcast a
sálvame program from the
Netflix facilities a daily program watch out because
this could be a reality
roco steam hauser tells us that as far as  I have
seen that it can and usually has
some veracity in the news, no, and it
usually has quite a few
exclusivity, being daily and live, this
approach of making a daily strip
live and from the same
Netflix facilities is
currently in the head of one person.
According to my information, Álvaro Díaz, head
of non-fiction at Netflix, would be
thinking about that possibility and to take advantage of
the pull of the members of the reality show
and make a diary. At the moment, nothing has been
decided and we will have to wait for the premiere
of the first three chapters on
November 10th and that it has been
recorded entirely in America and to see its
performance on the platform and on
social networks, a priori,
those more than 3 million
views that it has had on Twitter
in less than 24 hours, the first
images, keep in mind that
streaming platforms are increasingly betting
on live content from
French UEFA Champions League matches
or, to name a few, on Prime
Video France or that of Spain, which launches
Operación Triunfo on
November 20th with its live galas and
as we advanced at the time, on the
radio or finally Apple TV  that has
live sporting events some
weekends well as you are
reading here in Roco's publication
this is not yet decided I mean it's not that it is
not an official announcement it is
a possibility that they are considering and they
could decide it in the end or not I
see it as quite viable I think that this could
be a reality we will see what
happens as the
weeks go by everything will also depend on how
the documentary that they have made works it is
assumed that Rocio Carrasco after having
lost the lawsuit the last lawsuit
that she lost with Kiko Matamoro which has
been one of the news this week would
already have a fairly good sum of
costs that she owes to the gang we were
talking eh Well of course here
a lot of ramifications open up Not from the
trunk a lot of ramifications open up
and we were talking
precisely not about that that very
recurrent sum of news about Rocio
Carrasco where they pretend to see if Rocio
Carrasco has capital or not If she is
ruined or not If she has
financial liquidity or not we were
talking about that sentence of Kiko
Matamoros that he won before the supreme court
where the  they order Rocio Carrasco to pay costs
and they are 40,000 Aico Matamoro
represented by the same
legal team that Antonio David Flores must
pay with this loss
approximately 40,000
approximately I think he has to have
losses already around six lawsuits and
if my numbers are correct he has to
pay in Costa Rocío Carrasco around
a little more than 200,000 of this last
batch more than 200,000 in
legal costs that is money hence
this news has happened not like the sale
of the jewelry the sale of the administrator's property
taking into account what he
asked for and taking into account that it has
reached the last instance Well
well a pretty big mess is forming in costs
Rocio Carrasco usually
exhausts every last avenue And that makes
the costs add up and add up and
add up that it was the only one the last
patrimonial asset as real estate that remained
eh of the inheritance of Rocio Jurado you know
that Montealto was sold there has
also been news that it has become
for sale in montealto we're going to be
doing a review of all this latest
news that has come out and we're going to be
commenting on it I'm telling you about these last
six lawsuits condemned costs
Carrasco river owes a little more than 200,000 it must be
remembered that here they are
referring to the last attacked as
Antonio David says we are talking like this off the top of
my head well it seems to me that in the last few months we have had news that judicial proceedings have been closed in favor of the opponents in favor of Olga moreno she has not lost I think there have been two that have lost definitively I'm speaking from memory eh Raquel boyo
Aha this Kiko matamoro is having a
row in Costa guapa okay It seems
that at an airport
Rosa Benito and Rosario
moedano have recently met with Rocío Carrasco according to what they have
told me which is first hand it
says that they met at the
airport that each one has gone their own
way but that they have exchanged
glances eh
murderous Well I have seen you and you have
made me so sorry I have felt sorry for
what  it was and for what you've
gotten hundreds of sea that there is
I
want more happy happy mom what are you
doing No no let's go and take me out eh Oh
well no I can't take you out like that you'll
destroy me you inherit no noedo I'll kill you
directly and you won't see your children grow up
and the situation was a little tense
lady the next one What do you want the
head who your p yes you have to tell me
things let's see what you want come put your
head Oh That u Oh Wait Wait Wait wait
Wait it's
cool or [ __ ] that not
n far Ah okay say what's up
noise what hairdresser more Scandalous
please to burgo to eat my blood
sausage well What time what place Well I
think it's at 8 not at 8 I think it
's at 8 and in the Evolution Forum in the
Evolution Forum and you invite the
people who go I invite
everyone who goes Now I want to eat a
backpack of
bur my mother my mother you have to
see it again as you have seen in the video that they have
compiled it has  our
Indian uploaded to Twitter knives have
flown on social networks in one of the
last afternoons of the program Así es la
vida presented by Sandra Barneda
Angela Portero who was also here the
day before has mentioned with all the
calmness in the world Antonio David
Flores and the context required it
basically in the end as much as they
want to eliminate a person from the map
if that person is part of the history
of what they are talking about it is that there is no
other the person was there and is part of the
Lore of the history of the plot I
mean you can't eliminate that Antonio
David Flores has been a part of
Roco Jurado's life from the life of his
daughter he has been the father of his grandchildren I mean there is
no more laughter for me it is going to be the
most important day of our lives Well
Angela if there are moments no Or
iconic scenes This is one thing is not to
give him work and another thing is to eliminate
a person to the point that it is as
if he doesn't exist and you can't even
mention that I think is
completely impossible no Well there are
many eh Because I want to tell you eh that is where
Rocío's marriage was lived
Carrasco and Antonio David Flores have
lived there too many Cos Wait wait you
get ahead of yourself because I am convinced
that Cesar has everything in his pocket B
Control but well at least they try you can
see the reaction they had
when Angela Portero mentioned
look not only at
Sandra Barneda's haircut but also at
Alejandra Rubio's faces and how she makes certain
gestures and certain signs to Angela
Portero Olga Moreno's friend and
contestant on Survivors Raquel
Arias has come out on her social networks to
report a physical assault after
the night I spent today where a girl
grabbed me by the hair out of pure
and hard envy I have to say let's not talk
about feminism without respecting each other the
end of disgusting society and
hypocrisy now call me whatever you
want but I'm so calm to
have more friends than friends because the
truth is that it is depressing what I see
every day among women then you ask for
luck Well then she hasn't told many
details of this episode But I hope she
is well no and  We wish the best
and well I imagine that if she is breastfeeding
then it won't have turned out to be anything too serious
It seems that
the rumors that there were and that
had reached us from several
completely different sources have been completely denied, both
me and other colleagues who do
not agree on sources, certainly the
rumors that there have been of a crisis in the
couple of Olga Moreno and Agustín etien in
fact there were
quite a few indications not that
what they directly leaked to me was that they
were completely sure that there was
a crisis okay the sources that
gave me that information what they
leaked to me was that there was a crisis and that they
were sure of it okay In fact, in all
honesty, I have to say that there
are other colleagues To whom
the information had also reached and I don't
think it's from the same sources as
me because for whatever reason I can
completely rule it out but
the rumors of a crisis had also reached them
then there was The thing about the photo of Antonio
David and such okay that I think that
Well I think that it has been prepared
okay this is an opinion I can't
prove it but I think that it has been
prepared  I'm fine with giving each
other sacks and everything and it has nothing to do with it
because really people relate or
want to make comparisons eh join one
story with the other and
the fact that there was a crisis has nothing to do
with Olga having a relationship with
Antonia vi it ​​has nothing to do with it okay I don't
think it has anything to do with it They have
things in common and they have a precious little girl
in common and hopefully all their
lives they will maintain a cordiality not
at least a cordiality at the very least
I hope they can get along
spectacularly well like we saw in the
photo no but at least that there is
always a cordiality because that is very
important okay let's see the information
that I have to give you is that Olga is
currently having a good time with
several couples and friends and she is accompanied
by Agustín and tien and the two of them are seen
in an attitude of normality in their
relationship okay to caramelized being very
nice and so on not that this
means that it is a lie or not Let's see I do
n't think it's a lie okay that there
was a crisis or that they have had
their ups and downs I think that something has  there has been
okay especially because it has
reached me on several occasions from various
sources and so on yes I think that also
the fact that it was leaked and reached us
well also maybe it could have been a
little bit on purpose or whatever no but
well These are my imaginations that I
am very fussy okay if I have to
give you my personal opinion or the impression
that it has given me Well I do think
that maybe they have had a little bit of
distance Maybe a little bit
there of something no But honestly
the truth is that now today in
particular they are well and they are together at
least they are spending the weekend
together and they are here in Seville
moving around for the good thing well in the
places that Olga usually goes out normally
I don't have hyper mega
confidence with her and know where she stops or
anything but it is true that
normally and and when they have seen her
go out in the center and so on she is always
more or less in the same areas and so on
no so well family What do you think
of the couple Well nothing family that's
it for today's video that's it for
the weekly bombshell you know that
normally  I usually bring the weekly bombshell on
Fridays okay instead of
Sunday like today today has been a
bit of a weird day the truth is that I'm here
with a ton of work piled up I'm going to
try to catch up and I don't know if I'll do any
real live shows today because I want to leave
all the work that I have piled up from the
whole week this one that I've had so
hectic okay finished I have to
cover a lot of videos I have to cover a lot of
topics I was also really entertained by
an interview I had on Friday that
was quite important to me I don't know if you
've seen it on the main channel it's
a talk about Mental Health with a
YouTuber okay that has been the topic of the
week there on the
youth channels and he's a YouTuber Well who
has been on the verge of suicide on
several occasions no So it seemed
really important to me to do that
interview not that talk that we had I
recommend that you watch it and nothing family
I hope you liked this this
section okay this section Well it will
normally take place on Fridays which are usually
the days that I usually take
Friday and Saturday from live shows no and I
will bring you this section that I will leave
recorded for you  Thank you very much in advance
for having accompanied me today.
I send you a huge kiss and bye bye. Stay
tuned for the Channel. Okay, there are some things coming
this
week.